docs: add trace observation point description (#23028)
cilium-team/cilium: api/v1/flow/README.md

| Name | Number | Description |
| ---- | ------ | ----------- |
| UNKNOWN_POINT | 0 | Cilium treats 0 as TO_LXC, but its&#39;s something we should work to remove. This is intentionally set as unknown, so proto API can guarantee the observation point is always going to be present on trace events. |

> | TO_PROXY | 1 | TO_PROXY indicates network packets are received by l7 proxy. |

Reviewer: I think this is around the wrong way. Cilium's BPF-based observation points for the Cilium packet-level datapath cannot assert that the l7 proxy received the packet, that is up to the l7 proxy. Cilium's packet observation points can only assert that it _transmitted_ the packets towards the l7 proxy.

```suggestion
| TO_PROXY | 1 | TO_PROXY indicates network packets are transmitted towards the l7 proxy. |
```

If the user configures something that causes drops in between, then Cilium cannot be responsible for this. Otherwise with the "received" wording, it might look like a bug where Cilium didn't successfully cause the l7 proxy to receive the packet, but in reality Cilium's datapath did its job and the user's external configuration introduces the drop.

Reviewer: Likewise, all of the `TO_*` targets are from the perspective of Cilium's datapath. Just before Cilium executes the code to deliver a packet towards a particular destination, it will emit one of the `TO_*` events.

| TO_HOST | 2 | TO_HOST indicates network packets are received by host namespace. |

> | TO_STACK | 3 | TO_STACK indicates network packets are are passed to the Linux kernel network stack on host machine. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| TO_STACK | 3 | TO_STACK indicates network packets are passed to the Linux kernel network stack on host machine. |
```

| TO_OVERLAY | 4 | TO_OVERLAY indicates network packets are transmitted through the tunnel device. |

> | TO_ENDPOINT | 101 | TO_ENDPOINT indicates network packets are being received by endpoints(containers). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| TO_ENDPOINT | 101 | TO_ENDPOINT indicates network packets are being received by endpoints (containers). |
```

> | FROM_ENDPOINT | 5 | FROM_ENDPOINT indicates network packets are originated to endpoints(containers). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| FROM_ENDPOINT | 5 | FROM_ENDPOINT indicates network packets are originated to endpoints (containers). |
```

> | FROM_PROXY | 6 | FROM_PROXY indicates network packets are transmitted from l7 proxy. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| FROM_PROXY | 6 | FROM_PROXY indicates network packets were received from the l7 proxy. |
```

Similarly but in reverse, the `FROM_*` targets are from the perspective of Cilium, and Cilium has detected where the packets came from, and one of the first things that Cilium's datapath will do is to emit an event stating that a packet was received from some location outside Cilium's BPF datapath.
